Add option to require a specific version to be running (#2300)
psf/black: docs/usage_and_configuration/the_basics.md

black, version 21.5b0
```

> An option to requiring a specific version to be running is also provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An option to require a specific version to be running is also provided.
```

```console
$ black --revision 21.5b2 -c "format = 'this'"
format = "this"
$ black --revision 31.5b2 -c "still = 'beta?!'"
Oh no! 💥 💔 💥 The required revision does not match the running version!
```

This is useful for example when running _Black_ in multiple environments that haven't

> necessarily installed the correct version. Setting this option can be done in a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
necessarily installed the correct version. This option can be set in a
```
Fewer words is better
